Cleanup most GPU buyer's guide pages (#30)
dortania/GPU-Buyers-Guide: modern-gpus/intel-gpu.md

So we'll be going over the compatible iGPUs present in Intel's CPUs. The main thing to note is that you'll need to apply the framebuffer patches to your system to get things to work properly. [Please refer to this post for more info on framebuffer patching as it goes in depth on how to get your system running](https://github.com/acidanthera/WhateverGreen/blob/master/Manual/FAQ.IntelHD.en.md). We will also be excluding iGPUs present in Pentiums, Celerons and Atom CPUs as these generally have never been supported natively and require quite a bit of extra work to get them working (to be more specific, GT1 based iGPUs don't work, Apple only uses GT2 and up in their Macs).

> **DRM Issues**: With Haswell and newer iGPUs, DRM is outright broken on them with macOS Catalina. This includes iTunes Movies, Apple TV+, Amazon Prime and Netflix, the only fix is getting a supported dGPU preferably Polaris or newer that supports HEVC.

Reviewer: HEVC is required for some stuff like sidecar, not too sure about DRM.

Reviewer 2: Yeah I don't think HEVC is required for DRM either, GCN 1.0 doesn't support HEVC but people are still able to get DRM working. What would you like me to do here? I removed it because I have a Kaby Lake laptop on macOS 11 and FairPlay 1, 2, and 3 work. Haven't tested FairPlay 4.

## Native Intel iGPUs

### **Ivy Bridge 3XXX**
#### Highest Supported OS: Catalina (10.15)
#### Initial Supported OS: Lion (10.7)

> Regarding the HD 4000, it's completely native with Catalina (though no longer supported with macOS Big Sur). The HD 2500, on the other hand, only has partial support in Mojave for quick sync features, but hardware acceleration is unsupported, so you will need a compatible dGPU for display purposes.

Reviewer 2: Resolved with 2362449 and e6cdc0d

> * Note: As of macOS 11.3, the HD 4000 drivers are still present in Big Sur. Please keep in mind future OS updates and releases may remove these drivers.

Reviewer: Note not needed anymore

Reviewer 2: > Note not needed anymore

Confused about what you'd like me to do :P

Reviewer: ```
* Note: As of macOS 11.3, the HD 4000 drivers are still present in Big Sur. Plase keep in mind....
```
They are in all versions of Big Sur, and were dropped in Monterey.
Probably need to update the Highest Support OS to Big Sur as well.

They weren't officially supported by Apple but continued to work 100% fine assuming you used a newer SMBIOS. Please don't use MacPro6,1 for a computer using the iGPU.

Reviewer 2: Gotcha. Forgot about Mac Pros not using iGPUs, I'll update that.

Reviewer 2: Resolved with 3acbabc

## Native Intel iGPUs

### **Ivy Bridge 3XXX**
#### Highest Supported OS: Big Sur (11)
#### Initial Supported OS: Lion (10.7)

> Regarding the HD 4000, it's completely native though no longer supported with macOS Monterey. Note that you must be using an Ivy Bridge-compatible SMBIOS. The HD 2500, on the other hand, only has partial support in Mojave for quick sync features, but hardware acceleration is unsupported, so you will need a compatible dGPU for display purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HD4000 is supported natively up to macOS Big Sur, with support dropped in macOS Monterey. Note that you must be using an Ivy Bridge-compatible SMBIOS. The HD 2500, on the other hand, only has partial support in Mojave for quick sync features. As the HD 2500 does not support hardware acceleration, you will need a compatible dGPU for display purposes.
```

"Ivy Bridge-compatible SMBIOS" is a bit of a misnomer. We have SMBIOS recommendations in the install guide for both Ivy bridge desktops and laptops which will work. They're Haswell though.

Reviewer 2: Resolved with bd390f8 and 3472111
